Mr. Gordon, what's the difference
between "assets" and "equity?"
I have a question for you, Steve.
Do you know summer break starts tomorrow?
Check out what I got in my textbook.
Babes.
Pretty hot for a dead lady...
or monster?
Where does one get that?
From my big brother, Big Billy.
Dr. Kalgary made you a brother?
Check out this R-rated movie, little bro!
Oh, yeah.
Pope on Pope action!
Well, my big brother took me to Chimdale
to buy throwing stars.
No fair!
All these big brothers
are introducing people to cool,
new stuff, but I don't have one.
Sucks to be you, kid.
My big brother's so rad.
He's 68, and all his prostate exams
have totally come back negative.
Congratulations!
Good morning, USA
I got a feeling
That it's gonna be a wonderful day
The sun in the sky
Has a smile on his face
And he's shining a salute
To the American race
Oh, boy, it's swell to say
Good morning, USA
Ah!
Uh-oh, you got bummer face.
What's the crisis?
My life is lame and boring
'cause I don't have
a big brother
to introduce me to cool stuff.
Well, you already have a brother, Jeff.
Jeff's just my brother-in-law.
Exactly. You love the law.
You're always calling the cops
to snitch on our neighbors.
They're running a meth lab!
Spend some time with Jeff.
Trust me, he can show you some stuff.
If you're talking about
that acorn he thinks
is a buffalo's toenail,
he's shown me.
Emergency family meeting
in three, two, one.
I just got the mail,
and I've won a coupon!
30% off for an escape room!
It's such an insane deal
my hands are shaking!
Nope. Jeff beats escape room.
Aww, man. I'm gonna get so many
chicks at this escape room.
Klaus, do you have any idea
what an escape room is?
No way, man. No clue.
This is so cool.
Nobody's ever asked me
to be their brother.
It's not really a thing
that happens all that often.
Hayley's not my sister now, though, right?
Jeff, focus.
I need you to show me the world,
expand my horizons.
Okay, you know how sometimes
the rest of the family
is doing stuff and I'm not around?
It's because I'm looking at this wall.
If you look close enough,
you can see a little face.
I call him Colonel Forbin.
Big brother advice.
These guys are legally required
to give you
as many free samples as you want.
That is not at all true.
Whoops. Darn it all!
I'll help you out by throwing
these away at my house.
-Look, I found another one!
-Wow.
And yet your clothes are always rumpled.
You can use these things on clothes?
Slack slack, slack slack.
Ducks say "slack" now?
What are we doing? This is madness!
Ducks say "what are we doing,
this is madness" now?
Welcome to The Terrifying
Asylum of Dr. Insane-o.
Unlike other escape rooms,
you can take all the time you need.
We'll do it in half that time.
Psst.
Now I am a guard at this asylum,
where Dr. Insane-o,
the demented scientist,
performs unspeakable experiments
on the inmates,
you.
I am so embarrassed for you right now
that you have to do this.
The Doctor is out shopping
for new torture devices to use on you,
unless you figure out
how to escape before he returns.
So you're, like, an asylum guard
with a conscience or something?
You're helping us out? I don't get it.
I know how to escape!
Follow her!
It's locked!
Oh, God, they've thought of everything!
This isn't working out.
I don't think
we're compatible as brothers.
Oh. I'll take you home
as soon as we hang out
in this parking lot for a few hours.
A few hours? In a parking lot?
Nothin' shakin' on Shakedown Street
Used to be the heart of town
What is this?
The parking lot scene
before a Phish concert!
You just gotta poke around...
It's like I'm on another planet!
This area is Shakedown Street.
It's like a Moroccan bazaar,
except none of this stuff's cursed.
I sell 10 grilled cheeses,
I can afford a ticket to the show.
Cheese cubes, duck bread...
We were getting ingredients!
That's actually pretty smart.
I used my brain to make the idea.
You did it.
You've introduced me to a whole new world,
big brother.
Thanks...
little brother.
Now that we're brothers,
I feel like I can tell you anything.
When I was little,
I saw a man stabbing his family
at a rest stop,
and I pretended not to notice.
Let's just savor this moment.
All right, here's my super-secret tip
to grilled cheese perfection,
totally melted cheese.
Whoa!
Hey, Cheese, who's your bud?
Mars, meet my little brother, Steve.
Your brother makes the best
grilled cheese on Shakedown!
Like a cheddar Michelangelo
sculpting ooey-gooey Davids.
-Did I miss Cheese's cheeses?
-Are you...
NBA Hall of Famer and deeply-hooked
Phish-head, Bill Walton?
Yes, I am.
I was gonna say "in constant back pain
"from your height and posture,"
but that's cool.
I love these things,
even though my heart doctor tells me
that eating even one of them
will take years off my life.
Who's the new kid?
It's Cheese's little brother, dude.
A little Cheese?
"Little Cheese." I like it.
Jim!
Good to see you, too, boy!
That's Runaway Jim, a stray dog
who follows Phish on tour.
Jim doesn't like anyone but Cheese.
He's actually kind of a dick.
Uh-oh, we got another stray dog.
Oh, my God!
Bad Wook! Git!
What the hell was that?
That's a "Wookie" or "Wook,"
a feral hippie always trying to mooch.
Don't confuse them with "woks."
Those are non-feral non-hippies
used to cook stir-fry.
What's she doing?
The finger means she's looking
for a "miracle," a free ticket.
I'd give her mine,
but then I'd need a miracle,
and I don't know if there's another me
out there to give me one.
In the middle of the night...
Whoa, that guy's awesome!
No. That man is a "custie."
Short for "customer."
A rich dude who tries
to buy his way into the scene.
He's human garbage.
Hello there, Mr. Cheese.
Might I still be able to purchase
one of your famous parking lot sandwiches?
Beat it, custie!
We don't need your one-percent,
Wall Street, Scrooge McDuck money!
Nice, Cheese!
I run a charity that gives
puppies to disabled kids.
Screw off, money slave!
Ooh!
Little Cheese burned that custie so hard!
He's totally one of us!
Not the blue elixir on the red brain.
We tried that combo!
Six hours, and we haven't solved
a single damn puzzle!
Huh, this restraint chair
is actually pretty comfy.
Ooh, so is this bloody table.
Maybe we should relax a bit.
Ever since I won that coupon,
it's been go, go, go.
Why are we in such a rush?
Let's enjoy where we are.
Stuck on the beaker puzzle?
How about a hint?
We paid to get in here.
Why are you so focused on getting us out?
Because it's an escape room.
We are escaping.
From our humdrum furniture at home.
So, what'd you think of your
first Phish show, Little Cheese?
Well, I didn't enjoy it
as much as that girl on molly
who kept trying to kiss the music.
But I'm in love with Shakedown Street.
Oh! What's that?
That's the hiss of the Nitrous Mafia,
a violent drug gang that controls
the sale of nitrous oxide balloons.
Even rainbows have shadows.
I don't know if that's true.
The Nitrous Mafia is here
for money, not music.
And they force small mom-and-pop
nitrous dealers out of business.
Promise me you'll stay away from them.
Fine. I promise.
Well, it's time to go anyway.
What if we don't go home?
What if we follow the band on tour?
I don't know
if I could pretend to be a duck
in every city in America.
You wouldn't have to.
In my business class,
I learned how to invest "capital"
in an "industry."
You talkin' like a custie right now!
No, no, no, no, no!
I just mean if we get enough ingredients
to make twice as many grilled cheeses,
we could use the profits
to go to every show.
I'm in!
I should probably tell Hayley
I won't be back for three months.
But I can do that after.
It's working, Steve.
I've never seen this many rumpled-up
dollar bills in my life!
Hooray for the Grilled Cheese Brothers!
I got a hot cheese for Moonbeam!
We should start taking last names.
So, you goin' to Red Rocks?
We're thinking about introducing
a four-cheese blend there,
if that moves the needle for you.
Well, going on tour was a dream come true.
But now that it's over,
I'll need to think of new dreams.
And new come trues.
Grilled Cheese Bros!
See you at the Phish festival?
What festival?
You gotta go, LC!
Camping, artwork,
80,000 people sharing
like 10 porta potties.
Well, then, of course I'm going!
Little Cheese, I love you, man!
I'm starting to come down.
Sorry, Little Cheese, but festivals
are way out of our price range.
But Mars is going! And Tela!
And Bill Walton!
Let's just go home
and do brother stuff there.
Like wait for our parents to die
then fight over their money.
Yeah, I guess we can't
afford the festival.
That's the spirit!
You suck at teeny tiny tennis.
Big Daddy is the teeny tiny man.
You have to try
to escape the room.
It's been weeks.
You said take as much time as we need,
and time we are taking.
I know
you're running out of food.
Fine. Let's negotiate.
Okay. What will it take for you to leave?
-Tom, now!
-Delivery!
I'm more brilliant
than Dr. Insane-o himself.
You'll never get us out.
We're gonna die in here.
I'm not gonna lie,
I'm excited to get home
and start pooping indoors again.
I know how to pay for the festival.
We'll franchise Grilled Cheese Brothers.
I got a loan from the Nitrous Mafia to...
Nitrous Mafia?
You made a brother promise
you'd stay away.
Come on, Jeff. We're not really brothers.
You and me having
the same unshakeable bond
as Luke and Owen Wilson? Please.
-Oh.
-Anyway,
here's all the bread and cheese
I bought with the loan.
Oh, crap, Wooks raided the van!
The Nitrous Mafia's gonna kill me
if I don't pay them back!
They were very specific about that!
Seems like you got yourself
into quite the predicament.
How are the Grilled Cheese Brothers
gonna solve this one?
Oh, so now we're brothers again?
You mean that thing I said
about not being brothers?
Brothers say mean stuff to each other.
Dick?
You're right. I'll go talk to them.
Phew.
Jeff's got it covered.
Aah!
"We're keeping your brother
until he works off your debt."
What have I done?
In the middle of the night
Hello, fellow fan. Why so blue?
The Nitrous Mafia is forcing Jeff
to sell nitrous at the festival
until he pays off my debt.
Harsh toke.
-Am I using that right?
-Kind of.
Well, I'm goin' if you want a lift.
Not in a million years, custie!
Yes, thank you so much.
You think you're better than everyone else
with your fancy RV?
You are. This is exquisite.
Usually the Nitrous Mafia
sells gas in the parking lot.
But today we're all selling gas...
...inside the concert venue.
How about I hang back
and tie-dye the gang's sweatpants?
How about you...
...get me my money?
So how are we getting
the nitrous tanks past security, boss?
Who said anything about...
...tanks?
Now I get
what the mean nitrous man meant
when he said, "Who said
anything about tanks?"
It was actually pretty clever.
I just want to check in, Stan.
You're really sticking on 11?
-Like glue, my man.
-Hello.
Thanks, I'll take an 18-year Macallan
on the rocks.
We haven't been able
to book this room for a month.
We're closing.
A server farm is taking over our lease.
Don't bite on this, gang.
It's classic Insane-o trickery.
You do realize
there is no Dr. Insane-o, right?
But there is an Ernie. He's VP of tech.
You'll liaise with him from now on.
So, Ernie's bringing my Macallan, then?
Ooh, it's getting kinda hot in here.
I'll tell you who's sweatin'.
Dr. Insane-o.
This is so desperate.
We'll take that hint now!
Come on, we're gonna die in here!
Isn't that
what you said you wanted?
Don't you see, Stan?
The Escape Room Lady, she's Dr. Insane-o.
Twilight Zone moment!
Festivals are so neat.
Shut up, Custie!
I gotta find Jeff
before he's arrested for selling balloons!
Oh, man, if I get caught
with all this nitrous,
I'm so screwed!
Hold up!
You lost a little air. Let me top you off.
I'm a cool security guard.
Weird, no one down there's
selling nitrous balloons.
Weirder, buncha people
wearing Plokémon suits.
The Nitrous Mafia aren't selling balloons.
They are the balloons.
But which one's Jeff?
Runaway Jim!
He's only horny for Jeff's leg.
So that must be Jeff.
Shut up, Custie!
Not now, Jim!
I don't want you mixed up in all this.
Jeff! We gotta get you out of here
before you get arrested.
Not until I pay back
the Nitrous Mafia
or we'll be looking over our shoulder
for the rest of our lives!
Then let's bust 'em right now.
Officers! Everyone wearing
a Plokémon suit is a nitrous dealer.
You gotta catch 'em all!
Oh, yeah. That's the real deal.
Freeze, Plokémen!
We know you're all made of drugs!
Nitrous Mafia!
Initiate helium escape protocol!
The Nitrous Mafia's getting away!
Phish fans unite!
Right. Phish fans don't own
any sharp stuff.
Ah. The only thing
that can stop the Mafia now
is a miracle.
A miracle!
-Whoo!
-Whoo-hoo!
Yeah!
I was wrong about you, Big Cheese.
Only a real big brother would risk himself
to help his dumb little brother
out of trouble.
Thanks, Little Cheese.
-Let's go home.
-Or...
should us brothers split the acid
I've been saving in my pocket all tour?
That's all you, big bro.
Good, 'cause I already took both doses
and I'm banana monkey bingo foot.
May I have this darnce, Madam Eucalyptus?
Bye-bye! See you soon!